README.md, before:

# Can of Books

**Author**: James Brooks & Benjamin Carter
**Version**: 1.0.0

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

## Estimates
<!-- See below -->

- Name of feature: Repo Set-Up
  - Estimate of time needed to complete: 1.5 Hours to 2 Hours.
  - Start time: 2:42pm
  - Finish time: _____
  - Actual time needed to complete: _____
- Name of feature: Storage
  - Estimate of time needed to complete: _____
  - Start time: _____
  - Finish time: _____
  - Actual time needed to complete: _____
- Name of feature: Book Component
  - Estimate of time needed to complete: _____
  - Start time: _____
  - Finish time: _____
  - Actual time needed to complete: _____

## Credit and Collaborations

---

- Logistical
  - What hours will you be available to communicate?
    - James Brooks
      - 1:00pm - 7:00pm.
    - Benjamin Carter
      - 1:00pm - 7:00pm.
  - What platform will you use to communicate (ie. Slack, phone …)?
    - Slack.
  - How often will you take breaks?
    - Hourly/As needed.
  - What is your plan if you start to fall behind?
    - Collaborate on blockers.
- Cooperative
  - Make a list of each parson’s strengths.
    - James Brooks
      - Strong technical skills, great at javascript and html structure, can execute problems with guidance and minimal help needed, strong ability to adapt and be flexible with the projects code.
    - Benjamin Carter
      - Confident with React, Good at all the Back-end stuff too.
  - How can you best utilize these strengths in the development of your application?
    - Divide and Conquer, with the person who feels most confident about a particular part of the code will act as navigator.
  - In what areas do you each want to develop greater strength?
    - James
      - Wants to improve communication within a team environment.
    - Benjamin
      - Organization.
  - Knowing that every person in your team needs to understand the code, how do you plan to approach the day-to-day development?
    - By following the directions and pair-programming through the entire project.
- Conflict Resolution
  - What will your team do if one person is pulling all the weight while the other person is not contributing?
    - Pair Programming.
  - What will your team do if one person is taking over the project and not letting the other member contribute?
    - Pair Programming.
  - How will you approach each other and the challenge of building an application knowing that it is impossible for two people to be at the exact same place in understanding and skill level?
    - If one person understands a part of the code and the other doesn't, The one with the knowledge will teach it to the one who doesn't.

Commit message:

added information for time estimations and added items to changelog

README.md, after:

# Can of Books

**Author**: James Brooks & Benjamin Carter
**Version**: 1.0.0

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log

- 03-28-2022 3:12pm - Finished Repo Set-Up.
- 03-28-2022 4:10pm - Added Database Storage Functionality.
- 03-28-2022 5:10pm - Added Book Carousel and filled it with Data.

## Estimates
<!-- See below -->

- Name of feature: Repo Set-Up
  - Estimate of time needed to complete: 1.5 Hours to 2 Hours.
  - Start time: 2:42pm
  - Finish time: 3:12
  - Actual time needed to complete: 35
- Name of feature: Storage
  - Estimate of time needed to complete: 30
  - Start time: 3:15
  - Finish time: 4:10
  - Actual time needed to complete: 55
- Name of feature: Book Component
  - Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 Minutes
  - Start time: 4:30pm
  - Finish time: 5:10pm
  - Actual time needed to complete: 40 Minutes

## Credit and Collaborations

- James Brooks
- Benjamin Carter

- Logistical
  - What hours will you be available to communicate?
    - James Brooks
      - 1:00pm - 7:00pm.
    - Benjamin Carter
      - 1:00pm - 7:00pm.
  - What platform will you use to communicate (ie. Slack, phone …)?
    - Slack.
  - How often will you take breaks?
    - Hourly/As needed.
  - What is your plan if you start to fall behind?
    - Collaborate on blockers.
- Cooperative
  - Make a list of each parson’s strengths.
    - James Brooks
      - Strong technical skills, great at javascript and html structure, can execute problems with guidance and minimal help needed, strong ability to adapt and be flexible with the projects code.
    - Benjamin Carter
      - Confident with React, Good at all the Back-end stuff too.
  - How can you best utilize these strengths in the development of your application?
    - Divide and Conquer, with the person who feels most confident about a particular part of the code will act as navigator.
  - In what areas do you each want to develop greater strength?
    - James
      - Wants to improve communication within a team environment.
    - Benjamin
      - Organization.
  - Knowing that every person in your team needs to understand the code, how do you plan to approach the day-to-day development?
    - By following the directions and pair-programming through the entire project.
- Conflict Resolution
  - What will your team do if one person is pulling all the weight while the other person is not contributing?
    - Pair Programming.
  - What will your team do if one person is taking over the project and not letting the other member contribute?
    - Pair Programming.
  - How will you approach each other and the challenge of building an application knowing that it is impossible for two people to be at the exact same place in understanding and skill level?
    - If one person understands a part of the code and the other doesn't, The one with the knowledge will teach it to the one who doesn't.
